# Movie-Review-Analysis-Recommendation-System

#Problem Statement
Now day’s number of movie released in a particular day and different person has different choices to watch them but it is really difficult for a user to choose which movie is best for them to invest money and time to watch it. So the people are required a genuine opinion and reaction of people who already know about the movie after the release which helps them to decide which one is better to watch it.

#Proposed Model: Reasons for implementation
People’s opinion has become one of the extremely important sources for various services in ever-growing popular social networks. Our system is a movie review system which will generate polarity related to the movies which are released. Generally, the reviews are generated provide star rating of a movie. Users just have to see the ratings which are generated by analyzing the ratings given by other users to that movie and have to take his/her decisions. Such ratings are easily understandable by any user. But they don’t give clear idea of how the movie is. They are helpful only in the scenario where if any movie is excellent or very poor. The scenario where movie is average, star ratings prove bit confuse for any user. They don’t get clear views of what the other users think of that movie.
So our system is a movie review system which will generate polarity graph related to the movies which are released. The system will generate better polarity after analyzing the user review. Also our system will provide star ratings too. 
